CLOUDFLAREAPI: No longer treat TTL=300 as special (#3368)
StackExchange/dnscontrol: documentation/provider/cloudflareapi.md

Cloudflare plays tricks with TTLs.  Cloudflare uses "1" to mean "auto-ttl";
which as far as we can tell means 300 seconds (5 minutes) with the option that
CloudFlare may dynamically adjust the actual TTL.

If the TTL isn't set to 1, Cloudflare has a minimum of 1 minutes.

A TTL of 0 tells DNSControl to use the default TTL for that provider, which is 1.

In summary:
* TTL of 0 and 1 are the same ("auto TTL").
* TTL of 2-60 are all the same as 60.

> * TTL of 61-299, and 301 to infinity are not magic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TTL of 61 to infinity is not magic.
```

Also update this line~
